Update Rule “do-you-have-an-endomarketing-strategy-in-your-company/rule” (#3759)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/do-you-have-an-endomarketing-strategy-in-your-company/rule.md

---
type: rule
title: Do you have an Endomarketing (Internal Marketing) strategy in your company?
uri: do-you-have-an-endomarketing-strategy-in-your-company
authors:
  - title: Camilla Rosa Silva
    url: https://ssw.com.au/people/camilla-rosa-silva
  - title: Jerwin Parker Roberto
    url: https://ssw.com.au/people/jerwin-parker
    img: https://github.com/SSWConsulting/SSW.People.Profiles/raw/main/Jerwin-Parker/Images/Jerwin-Parker-Profile.jpg
related:
  - do-you-have-a-waiting-area-that-reinforces-your-marketing-profile
  - how-to-see-what-is-going-on-in-your-project
  - do-you-use-microsoft-advertising-formerly-known-as-bing-ads
  - branding-do-you-know-when-to-use-an-overlay-on-images
redirects:
  - do-you-have-an-endomarketing-internal-marketing-strategy-in-your-company
  - do-you-have-an-endomarketing-(internal-marketing)-strategy-in-your-company
created: 2019-06-25T04:17:06.000Z
archivedreason: null
guid: 7417b806-1540-452b-bcf5-64987e6b3702

---

Endomarketing (also known as **Internal Marketing**) is one of the most effective strategies to reduce your employee turnover rate and attract new, highly qualified professionals to your company. 

> This strategy is mainly directed at creating an image of a great workplace and making people feel like their current position is a dream job. 

Reviewer: I would suggest changing:
> creating an image

to:
nurturing a feeling

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This strategy is mainly directed at nurturing a feeling of a great workplace and making people feel like their current position is a dream job. 
```

<!--endintro-->

Many companies invest a lot of time, resources and money to attract and retain customers, **but sometimes they completely forget about their own workers**. After implementing a new successful strategy for your internal marketing, you should see a lift in your team’s perception of the company, and they will begin to see the company in a more human and charismatic way; often developing a feeling of "adoration" for the business.

Richard Branson once said: *"**If you take care of your employees, they will take care of the clients**"* and this is a powerful reason why you should start taking care of your team in a more hands-on way. 

According to the article [Endomarketing campaigns to generate engagement](https://race.agency/public-relations-brazil/endomarketing-campaigns/), to implement Endomarketing in a company, you must have in mind that internal marketing is not only restricted to internal "advertising", but you also need to engage your HR, with the role of providing better conditions for employees and meeting their demands. That way, proactivity will find a healthier and more balanced space to develop your customers' communication strategies and plans.

> The main benefits of this strategy are:

Reviewer: Should this list also include something about free extra marketing from workers? You've mentioned the Richard Branson quote above, it would link back to that with a mention that happy, motivated and engaged workers will naturally promote their employer through their networks.

* It generates greater motivation for your employees and, at the same time, makes your team feel more connected with the business brand
* Your company will attract more qualified professionals
* Your clients will be well assisted by your happy team

> * Rotation of workers will decrease as you increase their satisfaction, and commitment to the organization will increase at the same rate

Reviewer: 'Rotation' seems out of place here. You've used the word 'turnover' a few times, so I'd probably stick with that for consistency. Alternatively, if you feel it's too repetitive, you could change:
> Rotation of workers

to:
Worker attrition

Author: Done
